# SkuVault for Go

## Overview

skuvault is a Go library for accessing  the `app.skuvault.com/api`. It is auto-generated by scrapping SkuVault's api [reference.](https://dev.skuvault.com/reference) After code is generated, it is reviewed and edited. I have no affiliation with SKU Vault, and this library is not supported by them. Please refer to SkuVaults reference site for more info on their API.

## Install

```go
go get github.com/OuttaLineNomad/skuvault
```

## Usage

### Authentication

First you will need api credentials, you don't have to do this call every time. Just call this ones and store your credentials some where safe.

```go
emlPass := &GetTokensPost{
    Email: "MYEMAIL@Email.com",
    Password: "PASSWORD",
}

resp,err := skuvault.GetTokens(emlPass)
```

### Getting Started

This is the best way to use this library after you have your tokens. Store your API tokens in environment variables `SV_TENANT_TOKEN` and `SV_USER_TOKEN`.

```go
sv := skuvault.New()
```

Alternatively, you can use pass in your tokens with.

```go
sv := skuvault.NewSession("TenantToken","UserToken")
```

### Make a call

All calls in the library are named after the it's endpoint. This example will be used for most calls.

```go
skus := []string{"SKU-1","SKU-2"}
sv := skuvault.New()
prod := &products.GetProducts{
     PageSize:    10000,
     ProductSKUs: skus,
     }

resp, err := sv.Products.GetProducts(prod)
if err != nil {
    return nil, err
}
```

## Rate Limiting

SKU Vault imposes a rate limit on all API clients. The limits differ per endpoint. The library has the throttling level SKU Vault provides in the comments of each function. Use this [chart](https://dev.skuvault.com/docs/throttles) to find the call per minute for each throttle level.

I made a package to help me with rate limits with my projects in Go. [Here](https://github.com/OuttaLineNomad/throttle)

## Author

* **Bryce Mullen** - *Product Manager*  @Wedgenix connect [here](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryce-mullen).

## License

This project is licensed under the AP2 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details